# repoForQuestion2
This is a repository that stores the source code for Kristin's bakery project

Kristin wants a report that shows her the most popular toppings.
She would also like a report that shows her the orders for a given week.

In order to support these reports, we need to store information provided by her customers in email format.
Kristin will need to take the email requests and put them into a program
which will store the values in a database.  For now, she is happy with entering data onto her laptop.
However, in the future, she might want the ability to do this on her phone or tablet.

We estimate the following work items:

1) Create a UI that allows her to enter data about the cookie orders she gets in email.

- an OrderEntry page 

The OrderEntry page will allow the user to pick as many ingredients (mixins) for the cookie, such as chocolate chips, walnuts, frosting, etc.
The OrderEntry page will allow the user to enter a Quantity for each cookie.  However the Quantity must be a multiple of 12.

The OrderEntry page will also allow the user to add several custom cookies, each quantity being a multiple of 12 as stated.

Since Kristin has expressed a future interest in entering data on her phone and tablet,
We propose developing a Website for her to enter orders. The OrderEntry page will therefore 
be written using a combination of Javascript, HTML and CSS.

Another option is to create a Desktop application for Kristin to enter her orders.
However, it may be more work to do so versus creating a website that works on any size device.
Consider the following:
We would need to create a desktop executable to run on her laptop.
The application will need to be installed on her laptop.
If she ever wanted to enter data on her phone, we would need to create an executeable for the phone, and an executeable for the tablet. 

As new releases are created, we would need to create a mechanism to update executeables on each device.
This seems harder, and potentially riskier (application crash, corrupt database) if a device doesn't get an update.

2) Create a database that stores the following information:

people table - Has a record for Kristin, and stores all her customers. 
Contains PeopleID (autogenerated primary key), Name, RoleID 

roles table - which will allow us to differentiate Kristin as an administrator. 
Contains only Customer and Administrator.

an order history table - which will allow us to see who ordered cookies, when, and an automatically generated OrderID
Contains OrderID (autogenerated primary key), CustomerID (Foreign Key to people), OrderDate

an orders table - which will allow us to store the 
autogenerated primary key CookieID, and Quantity of cookies ordered, OrderID (Foreign Key to Order History Table), 
For Quantity, Customers can only order cookies by the dozen (no half dozens)

a cookie ingredients table - which will allow us to identify the 1 or more toppings in a given cookie.
Contains (autogenerated) id, CookieID, ToppingID

a toppings table - which will allow us to store frosting, chocolate chips, walnuts, etc

3) Create a UI page to display the most popular toppings, in DESC order
4) Create the SQL query to return the record set of most popular toppings

5) Create a UI page to display the orders for a given week
6) Create the SQL query to return the record set of all the orders between week-start and week-end
ie, week-start-date <= order-date <= week-end-date




